Now I've created for you a nice big O cheat sheet.
Although we've taken a lot of time to go through everything.
At the end of the day when it comes to preparing for an interview this is pretty much all you need to
know and you can use this to review some of the topics we've covered as was what we're going to cover
for future section.
We see here that the big shows there mainly these ones over here.
Now we haven't gone through everything we've gone through.
Constantine but we haven't gone through something like oh log in or oh when log in or O to the two to
the power of an or even this one with the exclamation mark.
I wonder what that is.
Well we're going to get into that.
But the reason I haven't talked about them yet is because they're going to come up when we talk about
data structures and algorithms these commented out big notations are very specific for certain algorithms
and data structures to optimize code.
So we're going to get into that when we talk about these topics because they'll make more sense to you
such as Oh log again is used a lot when it comes to searching algorithms.
Or O-N log in is used the law when it comes to sorting algorithms and something like 0 2 to the power
of N comes into play when we talk about recursive algorithms.
So again don't get overwhelmed.
We've talked about these three major ones and we're going to come back to the rest throughout the course.
Now when it comes to big shows I want you to keep in mind two things when you're iterating through half
a collection it's still 0 to the part of or 0 to the end remember.
Oh and divided by two.
It's still the end of the day.
When remember our rule book and again another trick that often comes up in interviews is that two separate
collections should be a plus b.
Or if they're nested a times b.
So two separate inputs should have two separate variables and Big O notation.
And just to keep in mind what causes time in a function because that's what we're measuring right now.
Well operations comparison's looping.
We know that takes a while and things like outside function calls when you have a function inside of
a function.
And then finally we talked about our rulebook always big O measures the worst case we want to remove
constants we want to have different inputs that have different variables so A-plus B A and B are race
if they're nested are a time speech against something that we've mentioned up here.
The easy way to remember this is addition four steps in order and multiplication for nested steps.
And then finally rule four is to drop non dominant terms.
Pretty simple right.
I'm going to bring this big-O cheat sheet back when we start talking and filling our gaps with the rest
of the Big O notation.
But for now let's get into the next lesson.